# 复试口语

Good morning, dear professors, I am very glad to be here for this interview.First, let me introduce myself.My name is_.I've finished my undergraduate education in North China electric power university,majoring in computer science and technology.I am open minded ,willing and have broad interests like coding,modelling and Web developing.For example,During the past 4 years.I worked hard and I was active in various activities.

 I gained the second class scholarship and won the Honorable Mention in Mathematical Contest In Modeling.I also won the outstanding award in the provincial university students innovation and entrepreneurship/ˌɑː ntrə prəˈ nɜː rʃɪ p/ competition .Based on my personal interests,I created a blog site. 

Although I have broad interests in many aspects and grasp the essential knowledge of the major, I think at present,Owing to insufficient knowledge and inadequate ability. I'm not very competent to deal with some professional things beyond my grasp.So further study is urgent for me to realize my self value. 

The major that I hope to pursue for my further education is computer technology.Because I find machine learning and data mining are playing an increasing important role in our modern society.And nowadays in China with the recognition of the government,Many industries need to combine with computer technology for industrial upgrading and this may provide me with a lot of chances to contribute my part to the development of my country.I dream to be a member in your university and I want to receive systematic professional training.That's all about my presentation. Thank you very much for your time and attention. 



# PPT介绍

I gained the second class scholarship and won the Honorable Mention in Mathematical Contest In Modeling.

I also won the outstanding award in the provincial university students innovation and entrepreneurship/ˌɑː ntrə prəˈ nɜː rʃɪ p/ competition .Based on my personal interests,I created a blog site. 

I passed CET-4 and CET-6. I got a department-wide honor roll.

 I won the second prize in international underwater robot competition. in the survival challenge and the water transport project. 

Simulated Tsinghua University home page.

The home page of the Marxist Institute. 

A parser written in Python. 

The drawing program of Bezier curve. Detection and implementation of exception handling based on deep neural network. 